docs: Updates Quickstart page and installation to the Serverpod 4 beta. (#670)
serverpod/serverpod_docs: docs/04-get-started/02-quickstart.md

:::tip

> If your app uses authentication, the verfication code will be displayed as an alert in Serverpod's command line interface. Press the `C` key to copy the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your app uses authentication, the verification code will be displayed as an alert in Serverpod's command line interface. Press the `C` key to copy the code.
```

> 
> :::tip
> 
> If your app uses authentication, the verfication code will be displayed as an alert in Serverpod's command line interface. Press the `C` key to copy the code.
> 
> If the agent fails to reload the app, you can always hit the `R` key to force a restart of the server and the app.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: nit: this `:::tip` now covers two unrelated points (auth code and reload). One point per admonition, so split into two:

```suggestion
:::tip

If your app uses authentication, the verification code will be displayed as an alert in Serverpod's command line interface. Press the `C` key to copy the code.

:::

:::tip

If the agent fails to reload the app, you can always hit the `R` key to force a restart of the server and the app.

:::
```
